docs: add PR templates (#542)
canonical/charmlibs: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/migrating-a-library.md

<!--
Template: Migrating an existing Charmhub-hosted library into the charmlibs monorepo.

Read first:
https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs/how-to/python-package/#what-can-i-publish-under-the-charmlibs-namespace

To learn how to migrate a library:
https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs/how-to/migrate/
-->

## Library being migrated

- **Charmhub-hosted library:** <!-- e.g. `charms.operator_libs_linux.v2.snap` -->

> - **Charmhub-hosted library version:** <!-- e.g. `v2.1` -->

Reviewer: Maybe this should be more explicit that it's `LIBAPI`.`LIBPATCH`? And maybe it would be handy to have `LIBID` in the PR for future reference/searching as well?

Author: Good thinking, I'll split the lib fields out separately.

- **New `charmlibs` package:** <!-- e.g. `charmlibs.snap` / `charmlibs.interfaces.tls_certificates` -->
- **Library type:** <!-- check one -->
  - [ ] General library (`charmlibs.<name>`, `just init`)
  - [ ] Interface library (`charmlibs.interfaces.<name>`, `just init --interface`)

## Migration status

> This is a bug-for-bug migration of the Charmhub-hosted library:

Reviewer: Is "bug-for bug migration" a James-ism? I don't find it in a general web search. Maybe the more common "lift-and-shift"?

Author: Ha, I guess it is, no one's called it out before. I guess 'bug compatible migration' would be the right way to say it.

- [ ] Package initialised with `just init` or `just init --interface`.
- [ ] Code migrated to `src/charmlibs/<name>/_<name>.py`.
- [ ] Public API exported from `__init__.py` with `__all__`.
- [ ] `LIB_ID`, `LIB_API`, `LIB_PATCH` removed (or retained with a note on why).
- [ ] Library version set for release (typically `1.0.0`).
- [ ] `PYDEPS` moved to `pyproject.toml` `dependencies` with appropriate constraints.
- [ ] Module docstring moved to `__init__.py` (this is rendered in the docs).
- [ ] Charmhub-hosted lib API/patch version documented in the private module's docstring.
- [ ] Unit tests migrated and passing, plus functional and integration tests as appropriate.
- [ ] Unnecessary files and directories created by `just init` have been removed, including `test_version.py`.
- [ ] Docs (if any) migrated to `<library path>/docs/`.
- [ ] `.docs/reference/libs.yaml` updated (new entry added, old Charmhub entry marked deprecated).

### Interface libraries only

> <!-- Remove for general libraries. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Remove for general libraries. -->
### Interface libraries only
```

- [ ] Directory name exactly matches the interface name as written in `charmcraft.yaml`.
- [ ] Interface metadata added (or updated if necessary), or an issue created and tracked to do this as a follow-up task.
- [ ] Testing package added under `interfaces/<name>/testing/` exporting `relation_for_provider` and `relation_for_requirer` (see [how-to guide](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs/how-to/provide-relation-data-for-charm-tests/)), or an issue created and tracked to do this as a follow-up task.

## Commit strategy

> To make review easier, this PR begins with a series of mechanical commits that can be easily excluded from review:

Reviewer: For what it's worth, this is much easier to understand than the other one, maybe because there are more example (required?) steps. Maybe just copy this style to the other one?

Also, I think I would say "reviewed separately" rather than "excluded from review".

Author: Yeah I like this one better too. The problem is that the other one is basically step 1 only, and a list of 1 item feels wrong.

To learn how to migrate a library:
https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs/how-to/migrate/
-->

This PR migrates an existing library to the charmlibs monorepo. <!-- update with relevant context -->

## Library being migrated

- **Charmhub-hosted library:** <!-- for example `charms.operator_libs_linux.v2.snap` -->
  - **LIBAPI:**
  - **LIBPATCH:**
  - **LIBID:**
- **New `charmlibs` package:** <!-- for example `charmlibs.snap` / `charmlibs.interfaces.tls_certificates` -->

<!-- remove one -->
This is a general library (`charmlibs.<name>`, `just init`).
This is an interface library (`charmlibs.interfaces.<name>`, `just init --interface`).

## Migration status

<!-- Update to match migration strategy -->
This is a bug compatible migration of the Charmhub-hosted library, releasing as version 1.0.0.

Package:
- [ ] Package initialised with `just init` or `just init --interface`.
- [ ] Code migrated to `src/charmlibs/<name>/_<name>.py`.
- [ ] Public API exported from `__init__.py` with `__all__`.
- [ ] Charmhub lib docstring moved to `__init__.py` (this is rendered in the docs).
- [ ] Charmhub-hosted `LIB_API` and `LIB_PATCH` version documented in the migrated module's docstring.

> - [ ] `LIB_ID`, `LIB_API`, `LIB_PATCH` removed (or retained with a note on why).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Charmhub-hosted `LIBAPI` and `LIBPATCH` version documented in the migrated module's docstring.
- [ ] `LIBID`, `LIBAPI`, `LIBPATCH` removed (or retained with a note on why).
```

Author: Thanks!

- [ ] `PYDEPS` moved to `pyproject.toml` `dependencies` with appropriate constraints.
- [ ] Library version set for release (typically `1.0.0`).

Repository metadata:

> - [ ] `.docs/reference/libs.yaml` updated with entries for new and old libs.

Reviewer: Possible future day automated check?

Author: Thanks, created #549.

> - [ ] `CODEOWNERS` updated with a `/<package>/` entry for the owning team.

Reviewer: Possible future day automated check? It can't know *who* (or not easily) but could check for gaps introduced.

Author: Good call, tracked in #548.

Tests and docs:
- [ ] Unit tests migrated, plus functional and integration tests as appropriate.

> - [ ] Unnecessary files created by `just init` have been removed (including `test_version.py` and `tests/functional` and `tests/integration` if unused).

Reviewer: Possible future day automated check? Like no tests collected means unnecessary?

Author: CI would actually fail if there were no tests collected. But the template ships with some working-but-trivial tests (`test_version*`). We could add a check that fails if only those names are collected, but then the templates give you broken CI out of the box, which feels kind of bad, so I'm not sure about this one. Will think more about it.

- [ ] Diataxis docs (if any) migrated to `<package>/docs/`.

<!-- remove section if this isn't an interface library -->
### Interface library specific items

> - [ ] Directory name exactly matches the interface name as written in `charmcraft.yaml`.

Reviewer: Seems like a good future automated check.

Author: The problem here is that 'as written in `charmcraft.yaml`' isn't known to CI -- the files in this repo should become the source of truth for the interface name, but if the author uses the wrong hyphenation/underscore form in their PR then we have a bad source of truth ... I guess we could poll the Charmhub endpoints, but those are flaky and maybe there aren't published charms using the endpoints yet anyway ... unsure how to make this better right now.

- [ ] Interface metadata added (or updated if necessary), or an issue created and tracked to do this as a follow-up task.

> - [ ] Testing package added under `interfaces/<name>/testing/` exporting `relation_for_provider` and `relation_for_requirer` if needed (see [how-to guide](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs/how-to/provide-relation-data-for-charm-tests/)), or an issue created and tracked to do this as a follow-up task.

Reviewer: These could be future automated checks (not quality, but that they exist), asking for an issue number if it's not going to be done now.

Author: I guess the idea would be you'd get a failing (red) but non-blocking CI item until you add the metadata and testing package? I'm not sure about that.

I could see making interface metadata mandatory though, downstream of #262 and #547 -- I've added a note to #547 about this.
